hey guys so today I have a DIY for you I
have never done the DIY a my channel
before but you all know that I love to
use more natural products because they
feel amazing on your skin and they're so
much better for you and you don't have
to stress about not knowing what's going
on to your skin so I made a whipped body
butter I used ingredients that I had
around here I didn't go out and buy
anything so it's not like you have to
use these exact ingredients to make this
you can cater it to whatever you want
which is so cool and it's completely
natural their day I was just thinking
like I now when I looked for products I
try to find products with like the least
amount of ingredients just the most pure
natural ingredients and I was just kind
of like why don't I make why don't I
make my own things because when I'm
buying things like three ingredients I
could do that myself so I used my
KitchenAid mixer so if you don't have
that it's fine you can just use a hand
mixer but you literally just mixed all
mix all these ingredients together and
you get a body butter it's so easy so I
hope you guys all enjoy this video and
if you want to see how I made this guy
then just keep watching so the main
ingredient that you need is coconut oil
this is by nature's way it's my personal
favorite but you can use any coconut oil
that you have on hand next I'm adding a
couple different ingredients that are so
good for your skin I'm using vitamin E
aloe vera and sweet almond oil you can
use whatever other types of oils that
you like I chose these ones because
vitamin E is really good for anti-aging
and treating and sun damage aloe vera is
so hydrating and sweet almond oil is
really good to soften your skin and help
the texture of it but other wheels you
can use are olive oil castor oil
whatever you have in last is essential
oils if you want to add a scent then go
with these because they're totally
natural I'm using the lime and lemon
grass for a zesty coconut scent but you
can use lavender if you'd like more of a
common scent but the coconut will give
it that tropical scent already so it's
really good
and then make sure you get a jar this
one I got from Michael's for about five
dollars and had a coupon for like half
off and then I also saw some at IKEA the
other day so they have been there as
well so first add in your coconut oil
I'm using about a cup and a half but you
can always use more or less depending on
how much you want to make next I'm going
into my vitamin E my a levere all those
other ingredients and I don't measure
these out I just sort of squirted some
in and figured it'd be fine it doesn't
have to be exact you're just making a
body butter once you have everything
incorporated turn on your mixer and
start mixing for about it took about
five to seven minutes it was a little
bit grainy after about four minutes but
then keep on whipping I put it on the
highest speed at the end and it gets
nice and fluffy
and last all you need to do is take a
spatula and scoop it all into your jar
and you are finished I hope you enjoyed
this DIY and if you have any other
requests just let me know in the
comments and I hope you all have a great
rest of your day I will see you in my
next video bye